what up y'all it's extra Cindy coming to
you with another unboxing video we got a
LeBron for you guys I'm pretty sure with
these shoes in the background you guys
already know what this is and with the
title at the top so these are the Black
History Month of 2013 I'm gonna start
through the review of the LeBron 10 so
let me give you a quick look
this year's inspiration for the Black
History Month is all about heritage and
giving back to the community you can
notice a a pattern that is consistent
throughout the whole pack I'm gonna just
show you guys the Kady real quick
because the pattern is more evident on
this shoe so the whole upper of the
shoes has a pattern and there's three
symbols that you could recognize in
these patterns you see some clouds over
here and you also see lightning bolt
right over here and you could also see a
basketball hoop representing Kady DJ
dogma and and Serena Williams because
all three athletes give back to a
community in their own way so this time
Nike decided to honor them and the Black
History Month in the shoe and in that
pattern that is like I said consistent
throughout the whole collection alright
guys so here's a quick look at the shoe
we are filming in HD so switch your
settings to 1080p for now this is what
we have but we will we will be receiving
with the whole collection so stay tuned
for that and keep checking our website
for more updates on the whole collection
you can see cuz assistant colorway
throughout the whole collection as well
there's a further basketball pack you
notice a black white gray and that
orange the orange is representative of
the heritage of Nike and the the orange
Nike the infamous orange Nike box that
Nike has used throughout the year
alright guys so let's start with the
bottom of this shoe starting with the
LeBron so you got your icy bottom on the
LeBron 10 and through the icy bottom you
can see a little hint of that pattern
you could also notice on the LeBron
James logo of the contour and
orange as well as on the X on the heel
check out the midsole you got your see
through zoom airbag 360 right there and
you got a little bit of hint of the
orange on the heel on off the camera can
catch that unlike the KD the whole upper
of the shoes not as pattern as and the
company as well out the whole upper of
the shoe is consistent with the nice
pattern the LeBron on the other hand is
a gray color way on the upper you can
also notice a lot of patterns on the
midsole on the TPU on the side on the
swoosh with a metallic sliver and on the
inside swoosh as well
all right so the whole upper other shoe
on the upper of the shoe you got your
great tongue so like a silver tongue in
mesh and you also got these like
circular orange laces they're
representative with the infamous Nike
Orange Box with some gray late zips you
can also notice that the tongue is the
padded tongue is made out of a grey
material with the LeBron James logo
right over there with the orange crown
and that pattern once again for the BU
channel sorry about that
and you can't forget about the phm logo
on the back of the shoe right there
finished with the inside lining on the
tongue and around the ankle that Nike ba
Cham pattern with your orange and soul
alright guys so these shoes were already
seen on court on Martin Luther King Day
and you could see you can see most of
them play and other games coming up so
purchase D shoes you could contact us at
five one four eight four six eight eight
eight seven the issues will be available
at both XO City locations on January
26th along with the rest of the pack and
for the Kobe's and for the rest of the
whole pack they will be coming later so
stay tuned like I said keep checking on
our website for more updates and on our
Instagram and Twitter as well so for
more information on how to purchase your
shoes you could contact us in the
downtown area at 1326 Metro down West at
five on four eight four six eight eight
eight seven you could also check us out
in the West Island area at 4870 Renea my
pear phone
the phone number for the West dinosaur
is 5 on the 466 444 and don't forget to
check out our website triple w dot x
blue city life calm